Hello everybody, this is Dr. Chuck.
We are in New York City.
We are at the largest ever Office Hours
on like 7th St. and 38th, right?
>> Hey Doc.
>> Oh yeah, you can take a picture.
That's okay, you can take a picture too.
Oh, that's right, I keep thinking I
should have you guys film it yourselves.
We needed camera people.
But okay, here we go.
So we'll just say hi.
>> Hi, I'm Dustin this is my
first Coursera course and
I'm here to just learn something new.
>> Cool!
>> Hi, I'm Carmen and
it's my first Coursera course and
I'm here to learn the program.
>> Okay.
>> Hi, I'm Katie.
I've taken a couple of Coursera
classes and thrilled to be here.
>> Hi, I'm Mark and this is the first
one that I really hope to complete.
>> Good, I hope you complete as well.
>> Right and I do look forward
to working with Chuck and
collaborating with my colleagues.
>> Cool.
>> Hi, I'm Vanesh\g.
I've lost count of how many
Coursera's classes I've taken,
but it's been fun to
have the instructor here.
>> Cool.
>> Hi, my name is Anna.
Hello from Russia, and thanks Dr.
Chuck for everything.
[LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH]
We've had many people from
Russia in the course.
>> Hi.
I'm Ahmed.
I will be a future Coursera Student.
>> Okay welcome to the class,
>> Goodnight.
>> In the future.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Hi I'm Rodney.
This is my first Coursera course.
I'm trying to master in Python.
>> Okay.
>> Hi I'm Shannon it's also
my first Coursera course and
I'm excited to start it
>> Okay.
>> I'm Brian.
I just to learn some coding.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay Brian, welcome to the class.
>> Hi, I'm Alerta and
I've been with Coursera for two years.
>> Yeah, yeah,
you were in my very first class.
>> Yes.
>> Well, welcome.
>> Yes, I am Michael.
It's my first Coursera course.
And I hope that this is
going to be a lot of fun.
>> But you're also a teacher right?
>> I am a teacher.
>> What do you teach?
>> I teach biology.
>> Teach biology, like high school?
>> High school, middle school.
Yes.
>> Ok, so
you got to find like
the football coach and
teach your football coach to teach python.
>> Right.
>> Of course.
>> Hi, I'm Chris and
this is my 14 or 15 MOOC.
>> Holy mackerel.
[LAUGH] I just wanted to do a meetup
because professor's so cool.
>> Thanks.
>> Hi, I'm Sheram.
This is my first Coursera course.
I work in IT, and,
after speaking with all of these
beautiful people here, I'm so excited.
Here I come, programming.
>> Okay, so thanks everybody for
>> [NOISE] Okay.
Well, we'll see everybody online.
Next week,
we'll be in Miami Beach, Florida.
So, we'll see you in Miami.